== README

This is a port of my php blog project, rewritten entirely for ruby on rails. New features include tag search, avatars, dashboard, and themes.

- Each user has a dashboard page where they can see their friend's posts. From there, they can comment on a post or share it ('quote' it.) 

- Users can choose from five different themes to customize the look of their blog. 

- Users can post text posts, youtube videos, and pictures.  

- Users can only see posts from people that have accepted their friend requests. May change this later to be more lenient

- Added a ton of chat functionality, chat conversations persist after logging out, refreshing the page, or closing out of the browser. Fixed up a ton of code related to chat (<b>New</b> - 08-04-17)

- Chat now supports image upload!

- WYSIWYG editor now supports image uploads

- Added a very simple but good enough search 



Things to do:

- <b>Archive Search (important)</b> 
- Post security options (friends only, public, private)
- Make E-mail confirmations actually do something. Currently only an e-mail is sent
- Fix several small issues such as the request modal not showing in control panel
- Add ability to post several pictures in one post.
- <b>Some kind of API so that mobile devices can use this</b>
- <b>Realistic chat buttons (like close, minimize, etc.)</b>
- <b>Load older chat transcripts when you scroll to the top of a chat box.</b>

(Stuff in bold is important or new)


This app uses Rails 5 with Ruby version 2.4.1. It is available for testing at blogger-243.herokuapp.com. 
